welcome to seamless recipe this match an
Australian tag team bags a one fall way
ten minute time limit introducing from
Orlando Florida
Williams 236 pounds buddy leg out in
Davenport Iowa weighed 233 pounds
thanks blue now Paso Texas weighing 220
pounds shove off Guerrero Houston Texas
rich 123 pounds town pitcher luckily my
Trinity wore Chavo Guerrero and Tom
Prichard next UPI applying go but they
have their hands falling it's tough max
blue and cocky buddy Linnell Richard and
Landel circle one another get lost by
laying down on Prichard there have been
some hot and heavy moments between these
two gentlemen Richard takes a look at
banks blue to make sure he's where he
belongs
get it down the Oliv high-flying Chavo
Guerrero lay down you're kidding body
slam my buddy let it down Richard tries
it straight nut that's funny
left to have Cardinal trainer emeritus
Bob Bollman take a look at timing
Prichard you take a few more loads body
slam
Landale not lacking for confidence
there's been any people of a young Buddy
Rogers
Linda twist picture to the ropes spires
in the end of the stomach
Richard comes flying big from Buddy
laying it down land devil coming out
early the match and taking command a
forearm smash that was legal real
everything William Dale done so far as
the legal all that pressure
God Richard honor prank by Richard
Richard Richard when a Vikki Gary's
yola's favorite restaurant say a Mickey
Guardiola is not the minority in the
greater st. Louis area Oh a lot of
people like this young man here comes
Chavo Guerrero cowboy what's the arm
around the side headlock by land a lunch
a ville de Daleks are hope so does
Chapel they're both flying close to the
airplane oh all right over the top Chavo
with a chop and opening it slow it was
legal job around no and it's not quite
so cocky okay beta times Richard Earl
and L must be wondering what happened
forearm smash by Richard gliding by
Richard they announce that right now and
you see that leg around from Prichard a
lot of guys try to use that but I don't
see too many use it as well as Pritchard
he was as high as the top ring rope the
referees have to run max flew out of
there blue waiting to help his partner
who's in trouble
damn Richard started out working in the
wrestling office for promoter Paul by I
should euston Texas he was a gopher so
he actually what it was he got off
school when he's a high school student
and a driver's license evil fall Box all
over Houston bench they got involved
there started working out with the
wrestlers he was very adept different
types of judo and karate got the door
the wrestlers then he started training
him at the same time was doing publicity
for fall by one thing led to another
pretty soon he gave up the tank
for the ring until I remind you another
fellow molarity medicine did the same
thing when he didn't I to wrestle but he
did the same thing for sandwich four
years
well that's true it's how we started
right I bring the story doing the
releases calling in the results the late
ray Gillespie was there at ringside all
the max tequila auditorium with the
arena there's quite a training ground
people like delay regulation of course
our dear friend the master they will
have much thing max blue catches a kick
to the stomach I kind of Richard Richard
ducking inside hello blocking the suplex
he lives Pritchard Oh with a body slam
on time Prichard blue showing a lot of
fire right here jangbi the buddy Lando
max blue started making it Joey right
there
they know this is the elbow you're gonna
miss that flying crossbody block but he
only hit the count of one Leia do that
kick to the stomach and then Annie left
by Buddy Landel flying bear bailando
then he go stand uptown Prichard land
ELLs wheezing Richards head Prichard
trying to get to his feet a referee
keeping a close eye on the proceedings
Richard bangs an elbow to the stomach a
second elbow laying down mrs. with
another elbow Oh
Landau caught him lost him rumors
swirling riddle backfired because Lana
Del holds the ropes
good job get in here says bug laying
there on the max blue
five insolence five minutes left
Richard the forms based MX blues Richard
takes to the air with a five-speed
Hobbes
thanks blue hair comes Chavo Guerrero
Guerrero lets blue the ropes
nice dropped all nicely done girl
stepping inside with a double gold
leading far Graham's yard there is your
classic surfboard your classic surf
Florida will borrow right on the
textbook channel of RL reinvest blue
back that give me a submission old
believe me land l know this there's
nothing down the bloody side lay a
little exactly of punishing that hole of
travel Guerrero's could be Guerrero with
a kick into the side and then a kick to
the neck of Vanek's blue by Chavo
Guerrero forearm uppercut by Chavo
Guerrero dang later Tom Prichard a
Guerrero and pressure of any quest a
team combination oh let it flew up to
the ropes directly Richard I know was it
max blue
do something old buddy way until the
music school moon trying his best sister
right now that will machine is named
Chavo Guerrero in town richard back
suplex by Chavo Guerrero unselfish tag
by Guerrero blue is in trouble
hey girl gasps its hanging a picture
flying crossbody blocks not one two and
three you can't believe that over there
I gotta tell you Guerrero and Pritchard
is one cool after another I see they're
all over there in that ring Lee and Alex
that was bags full but max blue can't
really take the blame for this he just
got caught in a machine let's go to
Mickey Garrett Yolo Nick six minutes and
46 seconds cross five o'clock go in
there Tom Prichard
roll